# Cloud-Computing

<p align="justify">The API is built with express.js for the main back-end service, Tensorflow.js library in express.js for the main service of machine learning, and Cloud Firestore for the database. The backend API for this project has been deployed using Cloud Run.</p>

<p align="justify">For local installation, this project requires you to install node.js through npm. You can find the npm installation documentation [here](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm).</p>

To initialize this project on your local PC, clone this branch repository:

```
# clone branch repository
$ git clone -b Cloud-Computing https://github.com/capstone-silent-script/C241-PS108.git
```
```
# change directory to Cloud-Computing
$ cd Cloud-Computing
```
<p align="justify">You may also need to have a Google Cloud Project (GCP) account to import the database. Import Firestore database by adding [this folder](db-export.zip) into your Cloud Storage Bucket. Since this project is using firebase auth on the client-side, it is required to have a firebase-adminsdk service account key on the root directory and rename it to “serviceAccountKey.json”.</p>

Configure .env file:
```
MODEL_URL='https://storage.googleapis.com/silentscript/model-in-prod/model-2/model.json'
STORAGE_URL=‘<YOUR CLOUD STORAGE URL>’
DATABASE_URL=‘<YOUR DATABASE URL>’
```

<p align="justify">In the case of lack of GCP account, you can contact the developers to ask for the service account key and left the .env file as it is. We don’t provide the key in this repository because the latest Google Policy banned users to put any credentials on public repository.</p>

To run this project:
```
$ npm run start
```
<p align="justify">Note: Some of the endpoints might need to have token on its header that can be generated by login to the application, in this case you need to install the front-end service in the Mobile-Development branch.</p>
